docs: clarify upstream versions requirement (#11262)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Versions.md

* Versioned software should build on all Homebrew's supported versions of macOS.
* Versioned formulae should differ in major/minor (not patch) versions from the current stable release. This is because patch versions indicate bug or security updates, and we want to ensure you apply security updates.
* Unstable versions (alpha, beta, development versions) are not acceptable for versioned (or unversioned) formulae.

> * Upstream should have a release branch for each formula version, and claim to release security updates for each version when necessary. For example, [PHP 7.0 was not a supported version but PHP 7.2 was](https://php.net/supported-versions.php) in January 2020. By contrast, most software projects are structured to only release security updates for their latest versions, so their earlier versions are not eligible for versioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upstream should have a release branch for each formula version, and have an explicit policy of releasing security updates for each version when necessary. For example, [PHP 7.0 was not a supported version but PHP 7.2 was](https://php.net/supported-versions.php) in January 2020. By contrast, most software projects are structured to only release security updates for their latest versions, so their earlier versions are not eligible for versioning.
```
I think this is clearer 🙂
